Lumbermens Credit Group Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.lumbemen.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Information Collection and Use
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via a web form, phone, email or other direct contact from you. We will never sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.
Use of Emails and Newsletter Subscription
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about promotions, rebates, news, or changes to this privacy policy. According to the Canadian Anti-Spam Legislation, this form of consent is only valid for six (6) months if you have made an inquiry or two (2) years if you have purchased a service. If you have given us express consent, there is no time period associated.
You can opt out/unsubscribe at any time by using the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of any commercial email sent to you. You will immediately be unsubscribed from the email list.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-888-294-3342 or via sales@lumbermen.com.
